tutorials: Map Module (#820)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/tutorials/module-system/module-system.md

```{code-block} diff
:caption: marker.nix
     requestParams = let
+      paramForMarker = marker:
+        let
+          attributes =
+            lib.optional (marker.style.label != null)
+            "label:${marker.style.label}"
+            ++ [
+              "$(${config.scripts.geocode}/bin/geocode ${
+                lib.escapeShellArg marker.location
+              })"
+            ];
+        in "markers=\"${lib.concatStringsSep "|" attributes}\"";
+      in
+        builtins.map paramForMarker config.map.markers;
```

> Notice here how we now create a unique `marker` for each user by concatenating the `label` and `location` attributes together, and assigning them to the `requestParams`. The label for each `marker` is only propagated to the CLI parameters if `marker.style.label` is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note how we now create a unique `marker` for each user by concatenating the `label` and `location` attributes together, and assigning them to the `requestParams`.
The label for each `marker` is only propagated to the CLI parameters if `marker.style.label` is set.
```
